have you heard about the legend of a man
who has slept with thousands of
beautiful girls
this is his story little boy charlie
played seven minutes in heaven with
friends
he really wants to be locked in a closet
and make out with his crush
but unfortunately he was paired with a
goth girl elisa
she was very weird elisa really likes
him but he rejects her when they were
locked in the closet
then love turned to hatred elisa that
day had cursed charlie that any woman
who comes to him will eventually break
up with him
charlie will not be able to find his
true love then she pulled off a few
strands of charlie's hair
as an adult charlie has become a very
attractive and successful man and a very
talented dentist
even though he was always surrounded by
beautiful girls none of them could make
him fall in love one day
while he was attending the wedding of
one of the ex-girlfriends but some very
strange events happened
a lot of people attending the wedding
were his ex not only that
but he also discovered that carol the
girlfriend he just broke up with
had found a new boyfriend and she also
caught the bride's wedding bouquet
moments later when charlie and his fat
friend were walking in the street
they saw carol was trying on a wedding
dress charlie's dental clinic is right
next to his fat friend's orthopedic
surgery clinic
there are always a lot of beautiful
girls on the friend's side but his
clients are mostly older people
but after returning from carol's wedding
his clinic also appeared many beautiful
girls
their purpose was not there to check
their teeth but to seduce charlie
it turns out that everyone has rumored
that he got a curse all the girls after
breaking up with him will find the love
of their life
a girl took the initiative to attack
hugged and kissed him fiercely
just as they were about to make love
charlie got a call from cam
charlie met cam at that wedding he was
already feeling flustered by her
even though she caused him a lot of
trouble that day
after learning that she needed a dental
examination he immediately arranged
schedules and examined her
but what happened after that with
charlie was catastrophic
charlie was injured but he was not angry
he invited kem to dinner
but she refused and quickly left but
soon after
she came back because her car could not
start charlie helped her but another
disaster happened to him
she even locked the car door and left
the key inside then he took her home to
get the key
cam carelessly pressed the wrong button
that made the ceiling of the car flew
out she also slipped her dress in front
of charlie
which made the atmosphere quite
embarrassing when he got home at night
he found a woman sitting in the living
room this fat girl sneaked into his
house wishing to find true love
she told him about his legendary
popularity on social media
they even gave him the name good luck
shock charlie was about to refuse the
girls please
but he was relieved by her miserable
look he agreed to make love to her
the next morning charlie told his friend
everything but for him
it was a wonderful thing charlie can
make love with beautiful girls
and help them to find true love after
listening to his friend's advice
[Music]
do
aired by his friend's call it turned out
that he had phoned all of charlie's ex
they were all successfully married
charlie was scared
he didn't want to lose cam so he found
an excuse to went out
ignoring the charming cam seducing him
in bed charlie and his friend wanted to
test his curse
so they came up with a way they went to
the pool to find an obese and ugly girl
as the subject for charlie to date
charlie had to stop nausea and pay 1 000
to be able to have sex with that fat
girl
then he let his friend go on a date with
her this time his curse was ineffective
charlie happily walked over to cam the
two of them had a wild and passionate
night
surprisingly the next morning he saw
that fat girl on tv she also found true
love
the friend fooled him he didn't date the
fat girl charlie hurriedly prepared a
lot of things for cam's breakfast
after that he also prepared a lot of
other ridiculous things
but the excessive work he did made cam
feel uncomfortable
there was no other way charlie had come
to where she worked
intending to propose to her but then he
saw her and another man hugging very
closely
charlie did not calm down he rushed in
to beat the guy's ass
cam could not take it anymore so she
decided to break up with him
he was also taken out by a security
guard charlie was very sad
he sat dumbfounded under heavy rain at
this time
the girl who sneaked into his house
suddenly passed by and told him that she
had found the love of her life
after being comforted by her he
remembers elisa
maybe she will help him to break the
curse he went to her house to apologize
and agreed to fulfill her wishes that
year
but now she is married and has some
children her family life is very happy
she told him that there was no curse
that was only a little girl's angry
words
charlie then understood that the love
between him and kim broke down because
his actions have hurt her
he silently helped kem contact a penguin
expert she admired
bahrain while he was sad his friend came
and brought one of his exes
turned out they were dating but
unexpectedly he heard that kim was
preparing to take a trip to the south
pole with that bahrain guy
charlie does not want to lose cam so he
decided to chase after her and went on
the same flight with her
after meeting her he told her everything
but it turned out that on this trip
there was not only bahrain but also his
wife and children
cam also knew that he helped her to get
in touch with bahrain before he proposed
to her and she agreed
the two of them had a sweet passionate
and memorable time at the south pole
but charlie does not know that when he
left elisa's house she forgave him and
finally decided to break the curse for
him